1. Error condition test cases.
- User enters 'r' in the menu loop. Program prints "invalid menu option".
- (repeated from Proj5) User enters an invalid puzzle word in cheat mode.
    Program prints that the word is not valid, and displays a random puzzle
    word instead.
- (repeated from Proj5) User enters an invalid guess. Program prints that
    the guess is not a valid word, and does not count the guess towards the 
    6 allowable guesses.

2. Testing explanation.
- First, I tested the Proj5 functionality by trying to run a single Wordle game.
There, I tried both cheat mode with a valid word, cheat mode with an invalid word,
non-cheat mode, valid guesses, invalid guesses, solving the puzzle within 6 guesses,
not solving the puzzle within 6 guesses, and entering an invalid cheat mode option.
- Next, I tested the game loop functionality by selecting multiple games in a row
(and making sure new words were selected each time), entering invalid menu options,
and quitting.
- Finally, I tested the game statistics. First, I ensured the program correctly
created a new statistics file when one didn't already exist. Next, I ensured
the program updated the game/win numbers while the program was running by 
accessing the statistics menu option after multiple games. Lastly, I tried quitting
the program, rerunning it, and accessing the statistics to ensure the previous
statistics were read in properly. I did one more test of playing additional games,
checking the statistics (to ensure the new game/win record was added onto the
old record), quitting, and starting again (to check that the loaded statistics
included ALL previous runs of the program).

3. Maintainability.
The code in Proj5 was all in a (very long) main method, while the code in Proj6
is broken into distinct sections that each accomplish a different job. It would
be much easier for me to isolate problems and update functionality in Proj6
than it would be in Proj5 because it would only require focusing on a single
(short) piece at a time instead of the entire program.

4. Error and fix.
(Describe an error and how they fixed it)