1. Project design analysis. 
Suppose you had tried to create your GroceryOrder class before creating your 
    different interfaces. 
How would you have created a collection of grocery items at that point? 
How would you have determined which items were countable and 
    which items had a discount?

We would still be able to store grocery items in an ArrayList, but we would need
to use Object as the type instead of GroceryItem to be able to accommodate all
items. This would require a lot of type checking when iterating over the list 
(using instanceof with each type of item to categorize it before type
casting).

Each grocery item wouldn't be marked as "countable" or "discounted" without
the use of interfaces, so our GroceryOrder class would have to know which specific
items involved counts or discounts (and would again have to use a lot of 
type checking/casting to filter those items out of a list).

Both things could have been done without interfaces, but the code would be a 
lot messier and more difficult to maintain. (For example, if we changed oranges
to no longer have a count, we would have to know to also change relevant code
in GroceryOrder to not treat oranges as countable anymore.)


2. Additional interface. 
What is another category of grocery items that all share at a particular feature?
How could you create an interface to require that particular grocery items 
    implemented those features?
Name at least three grocery items where it would make sense for you to implement 
    that interface.

An additional category could be, "Perishable", for food items that had a limited
shelf life. This could become a new interface with methods such as:
    String getExpirationDate()
    boolean needsRefrigeration()
Grocery items that might implement Perishable are RawChicken and Orange.


3. Test coverage. 
The testing for this project is limited to creating a random grocery order and 
a specific grocery order. Are those two things enough to show us that our 
implementation will always work correctly? If not, describe what kinds of 
additional tests you would need to convince yourself that everything worked as
intended.

No, those types of grocery orders only test a limited number of features in our
project. We would need test cases to:
- Create each grocery item in each combination, ensuring that all properties
    (type, price, discounted price [if relevant], name, type, count [if relevent],
    and other properties unique to different grocery items) were as expected.
- Ensure that the expected grocery items really do implement the correct 
    interfaces (using instanceof), to be sure that they will be appropriately
    categorized


4. Error and fix.
Describe an error you made when writing the program. How did you fix it?

(Describe any error and the fix.)